Retain read group info (#809)
nf-core/eager: CHANGELOG.md

### `Added`

> - [#808](https://github.com/nf-core/eager/issues/808) Retain read group information across bam merges. Sample set to Sample name in bwa output RG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#808](https://github.com/nf-core/eager/issues/808) Retain read group information across bam merges. Sample set to sample name (rather than library name) in bwa output 'RG' readgroup tag.
```
